i want to create a react app that plays video.
i want to be able take images of the video and save them in a list that i can click on and jump to the position of the video that the image was taken from
i need a button that allows me to select a video to play
I also need stying and the additional features you just mentioned added

ReactPlayer component does not directly expose a getVideo method. Instead, we should be using the ref correctly to access the video element.

i need buttons that can move frame by frame through the video
also I want to change how the screenshot is taken. Instead of clicking on the video. I want a seperate button that you press to generate the screenshot.
I want to keep all the previous functionality

keep all that and add the following
i want another button called "Preview Segments"
When the button is called I want a routine that starts the player playiny from the position of the first screenshot in the list for 2 seconds and then jump to the position of the next etc
I want the buttons for the screenshots only to appear when the mouse hovers over each screenshot
i want to be able to save all the screenshots locally against the video that it was taken from.
It needs to record the file location and know where to look for all the screenshots associated with the file.
When the app loads. it will display all the screenshots from all the videos and if you click on the video it loads the file and plays from that position
Use IndexedDB to record all the information
Fixing the Issue
Here's how to modify the relevant part of the code to avoid this error:
Instead of trying to directly modify the currentScreenshots based on the index, we should create a new state variable to hold the hover state.
Maintain a separate state variable for managing which screenshot's buttons should be shown.


i need to be able to resize the video
i also want the screenshots displayed side by side and another slider that can control the amount of screenshots are displayed per row.